Cs docs update (#145)
FairwindsOps/insights-docs: docs/configure/admission/enforce.md

---
meta:
  - name: description
    content: "Fairwinds Insights | Documentation. How to enforce the Admission controller. "
---
# Enforce

Admission Controller will block policies that have a severity > 0.7. You have the ability to increase the severity of a policy or multiple policies in order to serve the needs of your organization. 

Action Item severity is defined as:
* 0.0 - None
* 0.1 to 0.39 - Low
* 0.4 to 0.69 - Medium

> * 0.7 to .89 - High (Will block)

Reviewer: Instead of "Will block", what do you think of "blocking"?

* 0.9 to 1.0 - Critical (Will block)

## Polaris

> > The below policies will be blocked if Passive Mode has been toggled off. Can customize the severity through Automation Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The below policies will be blocking if Passive Mode has been toggled off. You can customize the severity through Automation Rules
```

Reviewer 2: you can commit this chang!

## Additional Polices 
> Below are additional policies from Polaris that are able to be enforced at the time of Admisson through Automation Rules 

* Api_version_deprecated: An apiVersion for accounts/accounts has been deprecated
* Api_version_removed: An apiVersion for airflow/airflow-redis-master has been removed
* capabilitiesAdded: The following security capabilities should not be added:
* AUDIT_READ, AUDIT_CONTROL
* capabilitiesAddedBeyond: The following security capabilities should not be added:
NET_ADMIN
* cpuLimitsMissing: CPU Limits should be set
* cpuRequestMissing: CPU Request should be set
* memoryLimitMissing: Memory Limit should be set
* memoryRequestMissing: Memory request should be set
* hostNetworkSet: Host network should not be configured
* hostPortSet: Host port should not be configured
* insecureCapabilities: Container should not have insecure capabilities
* livenessProbeMissing: Liveness probe should be configured
* notReadOnlyRootFilesystem: Filesystem should be read only
* pullPolicyNotAlways: Image pull policy should be "Always"
* runAsRootAllowed: Should not be allowed to run as root
* tlsSettingsMissing: Ingress does not have TLS configure

#### Example

> > Create an Automation Rule to Increase the Severity of specific out of the box policies that you want to Block. 

Reviewer: Going to nitpick a little since all of this is so great. If we use "Severity" with a Capital S, then it should be consistent everywhere. If it's lowercase "s", then that should be consistent (Noticed a couple of "severity" (lowercase) above"

Reviewer 2: I can change these- is there a preference on lowercase of Capital S?

* In this example if the configuration file does not have memory requests, cpu requests, liveness probes, readiness probes OR Privelege Escalation it will be blocked from entering the intended cluster. 

```js
if (ActionItem.EventType === 'memoryRequestsMissing' ||
   ActionItem.EventType === 'cpuRequestsMissing' || 
   ActionItem.EventType === 'livenessProbeMissing' || 
   ActionItem.EventType === 'readinessProbeMissing' || 
   ActionItem.EventType === 'privilegeEscalationAllowed')
{
	ActionItem.Severity = 0.7; //Block
}else{
  ActionItem.Severity = 0.1; //Warn
}
```

> Customization of which out of the box checks you would like to enforce can be configured with Automation Rules. See [automation rules documentation](/configure/automation/rules) for further documentation on writing rules and additional examples.

Reviewer: Automation Rules documentation
